preparing for a tough situation or even a stressful situation. It could
be. You could even be an inspection that's come up. You don't prepare
for that mission or that inspection while it's right before it's
happening. So it's a mindset. So you prepare, just like you would prepare
them for, say, a football game. Or for a baseball game you have
to encourage them. You have to motivate them. You have to be positive.
You have to. You have to be that be the one motivating factor
behind the team. So you encourage them by, you know, being there. I'm
a very vocal and bushes person. So my thing waas too Yeldon screen.
You know, if we're about to start a revolution and say an inspection
is about to happen and I'm out there, I'm yelling, I'm screaming.
I'm encouraging my team. I'm letting them know that Lieutenant Thomas
is behind. You were there. Whether we win, lose, fail, we're going
to do it together. And I think just having that that backing that
support says a lot, So just be, be there, be there to encourage and
just let him know you. You're their support system that you got